[v2.4.8 - Braintree Payments] Updated Braintree documentation for both Stores Purchase & Configuration Reference pages (#85)
AdobeDocs/commerce-admin.en: help/stores-purchase/braintree.md

1. Set **[!UICONTROL Enable Card Payments]** to `Yes`.

1. If you want the ability to store customer information securely, so customers don't have to re-enter it each time they make a purchase, set **[!UICONTROL Enable Vault for Card Payments]** to `Yes`.

> 1. If you want customer to verify CVV number for their vaulted card on every purchase, set **[!UICONTROL Enable Vault CVV Re-verification]** to `Yes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you want a customer to verify the CVV number for their vaulted card on every purchase, set **[!UICONTROL Enable Vault CVV Re-verification]** to `Yes`.
```

   - `All Allowed Countries` - Customers from all [countries](../getting-started/store-details.md#country-options) specified in your store configuration can use this payment method.
   - `Specific Countries` - After choosing this option, the _[!UICONTROL Payment from Specific Countries]_ list appears. Hold down the Ctrl key (PC) or the Command key (Mac) and select each country in the list where customers can make purchases from your store.

   ![PayPal through Braintree Settings 2](../configuration-reference/sales/assets/payment-methods-braintree-paypal-config-2.png){width="550" zoomable="yes"}

1. To require customers to provide a billing address, set **[!UICONTROL Require Customer's Billing Address]** to `Yes`.

   >[!NOTE]
   >
   >This feature must be enabled for your account by PayPal Technical Support.

> 1. To skip the order review page for the PayPal express, set **[!UICONTROL Skip Order Review Step]** to `Yes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To skip the order review page for PayPal Express, set **[!UICONTROL Skip Order Review Step]** to `Yes`.
```

>    For customers paying via PayPal Express: If you want customers to be redirected to a review page before completing payment, set this to `No`. If you'd prefer customers to skip the review page, set it to `Yes`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   For customers paying with PayPal Express: If you want customers to be redirected to a review page before completing payment, set this to `No`. If you'd prefer customers to skip the review page, set it to `Yes`. 
```

1. To save a log file of interactions between your store and PayPal through Braintree, set **[!UICONTROL Debug]** to `Yes`.

1. To display the PayPal button on both the mini cart and shopping cart page, set **[!UICONTROL Display on Shopping Cart]** to `Yes`.

> 1. To send package tracking information to the PayPal, set **[!UICONTROL Send Package Tracking]** to `Yes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To send package tracking information to PayPal, set **[!UICONTROL Send Package Tracking]** to `Yes`.
```

>    Package tracking information will be sent to PayPal for PayPal transactions/orders only. Please enable the 'Send Cart Line Items for PayPal' configuration field in order for the 'Package Tracking' feature to work correctly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Package tracking information will be sent to PayPal for PayPal transactions/orders only. You must enable the [!UICONTROL Send Cart Line Items for PayPal] configuration field in order for the [!UICONTROL Package Tracking] feature to work correctly.
```

>
>The **[!DNL Size(Deprecated)]** configuration field is deprecated and not being used to style the PayPal buttons.

When these options are set, you can see the preview of the PayPal buttons. There are controls that you can use to apply the settings or reset the values:

- To store the selected styling settings for buttons and PayLater messaging and apply them to the current location and current button type, click **[!UICONTROL Apply]**.

> - to store the selected styling settings for buttons and PayLater messaging values and apply them to all button types and locations, click **[!UICONTROL Apply to All Buttons]**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To store the selected styling settings for buttons and PayLater messaging values and apply them to all button types and locations, click **[!UICONTROL Apply to All Buttons]**.
```

- To return styling settings to the recommended default values for buttons and PayLater messaging and apply them to all button types and locations, click **[!UICONTROL Reset to Recommended Defaults]**.

## Step 13: Pay Later Messaging

**[!UICONTROL Product Page]**

![Pay Later Message - Product Page settings](../configuration-reference/sales/assets/payment-methods-braintree-paylater-messaging-product.png){width="600" zoomable="yes"}

> 1. To show [!DNL Pay Later] messaging on the storefront at Product Page, set **[!UICONTROL Show PayLater Messaging]** to `Yes`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To show [!DNL Pay Later] messaging on the storefront product page, set **[!UICONTROL Show PayLater Messaging]** to `Yes`.
```

>    Displays Pay Later messaging for available offers. Restrictions apply. [Click here to learn more.](https://developer.paypal.com/studio/checkout/pay-later/us)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Displays Pay Later messaging for available offers. Restrictions apply. See [PayPal's documentation](https://developer.paypal.com/studio/checkout/pay-later/us).
```
